Add disclaimer for `az rest` (#3194)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-cli: docs-ref-conceptual/use-cli-effectively.md

If generic update arguments and [az resource](../latest/docs-ref-autogen/resource.yml) don't meet your needs, you can use [az rest](/cli/azure/reference-index#az-res) command to call the REST API. The command automatically authenticates using the logged-in credential and sets header `Content-Type: application/json`. For more information, see [Azure REST API reference](/rest/api/azure/).

> [!NOTE]

> > Calling service API directly with `az rest` is only a supplemental feature of Azure CLI. It is not guaranteed to work and is subject to change, for reasons including but not limited to Azure CLI permission change, Microsoft Graph service limitation, AAD Conditional Access policies, etc. For service API questions or issues, please [create a support ticket](/support/create-ticket/).

Author: > we don't have "supplemental" commands. We only have experimental, preview, and GA. `az rest` is actually `core` b/c there is no extension warning, but I can't tell the status from the [autogenerated ref content](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/reference-index?view=azure-cli-latest#az-rest-examples).

`az rest` is GA, but its usage is too generic and a user can use it to call any API, even incorrectly.

> desired result

The difficult question is how we define "desired result". In https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/issues/22903, it's not that `az rest` is not producing the desired result, but the user is calling the API **incorrectly**.

> > Calling service API directly with `az rest` is only a supplemental feature of Azure CLI. It is not guaranteed to work and is subject to change, for reasons including but not limited to Azure CLI permission change, Microsoft Graph service limitation, AAD Conditional Access policies, etc. For service API questions or issues, please [create a support ticket](/support/create-ticket/).

Reviewer: @jiasli , how does a customer know what queries are supported by `az rest`?  Instead of trying to identify all the correct and incorrect variations, is there a consistent error message?

"
Note! Not all queries are supported by `az rest` for reasons including, but not limited to, Azure CLI permission changes, Microsoft Graph service limitations, AAD Conditional Access policies, etc."  If your query is not supported by `az rest`, you will receive the following error: .....
"

I am trying to convey that this command does work if used correctly vs "not guaranteed to work"; make sense?

> > Calling service API directly with `az rest` is only a supplemental feature of Azure CLI. It is not guaranteed to work and is subject to change, for reasons including but not limited to Azure CLI permission change, Microsoft Graph service limitation, AAD Conditional Access policies, etc. For service API questions or issues, please [create a support ticket](/support/create-ticket/).

Author: > how does a customer know what queries are supported by `az rest`? Instead of trying to identify all the correct and incorrect variations, is there a consistent error message?

No. This totally depends on the API itself. A customer will need to refer to the API doc for supported queries, behaviors, error messages, permissions required, etc.

However, there are many limitations, sometimes because Azure CLI is forbidden to do that, sometimes because the user is forbidden to do that. That's why this command is "not guaranteed to work". Yes, I admit some more precise wording is needed here. 🤔

> > Calling service API directly with `az rest` is only a supplemental feature of Azure CLI. It only works if the REST API is invoked correctly and it is subject to change, for reasons including but not limited to Azure CLI permission change, Microsoft Graph service limitation, AAD Conditional Access policies, etc. For service REST API questions or issues, please [create a support ticket](/support/create-ticket/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Calling a service API directly with `az rest` is a _supplemental_ feature of Azure CLI, and only works if the REST API is invoked correctly. These APIs are subject to change for reasons including, but not limited to, Azure CLI permission changes, Microsoft Graph service limitations, AAD Conditional Access policies, etc. For service REST API questions or issues, please [create a support ticket](/support/create-ticket/).
```

Author: Actually, I meant to say "Calling these APIs with `az rest` is subject to change".

If generic update parameters and [az resource](../latest/docs-ref-autogen/resource.yml) don't meet your needs, you can use the [az rest](/cli/azure/reference-index#az-rest) command to call the REST API. The command automatically authenticates using the logged-in credential and sets header `Content-Type: application/json`. For more information, see [Azure REST API reference](/rest/api/azure/).

> [!NOTE]

> > Calling a service REST API directly with `az rest` is a _supplemental_ feature of Azure CLI, and only works if the REST API is invoked correctly. Calling these APIs with `az rest` is subject to change for reasons including, but not limited to, Azure CLI permission changes, Microsoft Graph service limitations, AAD Conditional Access policies, etc. For service REST API questions or issues, please [create a support ticket](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/create-ticket).

Reviewer: What are we trying to convey here:

"Calling these APIs with `az rest` is subject to change for reasons including, but not limited to,"

The **result** or **behavior** or **output** of `az rest` is subject to change?  If so, then how about ...

"The success of `az rest` is contingent upon permissions, the design of Microsoft Graph features, AAD Conditional Access policies, and other elements that impact REST API calls. For service REST API questions ..."

Author: The behavior of `az rest` itself is not likely to change very frequently. However, the **result** or **behavior** or **output** of the API that is being called is subject to change.

Reviewer 3: @jiasli I think that we should provide more guidance on how to use properly `az rest` with some clear examples on how to perform a PUT, PATCH and GET operations on bash and PowerShell.

@dbradish-microsoft can we create a conceptual page on how to use az rest with a concrete example (I suggest container app, container registry for example).
